Start of Overview Page Rework (#5728)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/overview/application_stack.md

# Application Stack

Nautobot is built on the [Django](https://djangoproject.com/) Python Web framework and requires either a [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) or [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com) database backend. It runs as a WSGI service behind your choice of HTTP server.

## Components

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 MD003 MD022-->
<div class="grid cards" markdown>

- :material-language-python:{ .lg .middle } **Python**
    ---
    :material-language-python: Python 3.8 - 3.11 support

    +++ 1.3.0
        Python 3.10 support was added.

    --- 1.3.0
        Python 3.6 support was removed.

    +/- 1.6.0
        Python 3.11 support was added and Python 3.7 support was removed.

> - :material-database:{ .lg .middle } **Database**

Author: Sounds good, I was mixed on it, about 45/55, 45% for it. I was hoping to add a little more to the cards.

# Application Stack

Nautobot is built on the [Django](https://djangoproject.com/) Python Web framework and requires either a [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) or [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com) database backend. It runs as a WSGI service behind your choice of HTTP server.

## Components

<!-- markdownlint-disable no-inline-html heading-style blanks-around-headings-->

> <div class="grid cards" markdown>

Reviewer: I personally feel like the cards here take up a lot more visual "weight" than the old table without really adding much value or readability:

![image](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/assets/5603551/e2b1beec-a08e-461c-afdb-27fc3b1ed4f4)

![image](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/assets/5603551/6242d1b4-834d-48d4-9536-dcb417438feb)

What would you think about keeping the table layout and just adding the appropriate icons to it instead?

    ---
    Handles communication between the Nautobot Python web framework and the HTTP web server.

- :material-web:{ .lg .middle } **HTTP Service**

    ---
    NGINX

- :material-cached:{ .lg .middle } **Cache**

    ---
    :simple-redis: Django/Redis

- :material-human-queue:{ .lg .middle } **Task Queuing**

    ---
   :simple-celery: Celary  
   :simple-redis: Redis

- :material-truck-delivery-outline:{ .lg .middle } **Live Device Access**

    ---
   [NAPALM](https://napalm.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) and [NAPALM Community Drivers](https://github.com/napalm-automation-community).

</div>
<!-- markdownlint-enable no-inline-html heading-style blanks-around-headings -->

## Application Diagram

The following diagram displays how data travels through Nautobot's application stack.

<!-- markdownlint-disable no-inline-html -->
<figure markdown="span">
![Application stack diagram](../media/nautobot_application_stack_low_level.png "Application stack diagram")
</figure>
<!-- markdownlint-enable no-inline-html -->

## Getting Started

See the [installation guide](../user-guide/administration/installation/index.md) for help getting Nautobot up and running quickly.

> ## Notices
> 
> ### Python
> 
> +++ 1.3.0
>     Python 3.10 support was added.
> 
> --- 1.3.0
>     Python 3.6 support was removed.
> 
> +/- 1.6.0
>     Python 3.11 support was added and Python 3.7 support was removed.
> 
> ### Databases
> 
> --- 2.1.0
>     Support for versions of PostgreSQL older than 12.0 was removed.
> 
> +++ 1.1.0
>     MySQL support was added.
> 
> ### Task Queeuing
> 
> --- 2.0.0
>     - `django-rq` support was removed.
>     - `django-cacheops` usage was removed and replaced with Django's native caching features.
> 
> > Nautobot was initially developed as a fork of NetBox (v2.10.4), which was originally created by Jeremy Stretch at DigitalOcean and by the NetBox open source community.

Reviewer: Perhaps:

```suggestion

## Dependency History

+++ 1.1.0 "MySQL support"
    MySQL support was added.

+/- 1.3.0 "Python 3.6, Python 3.10"
    - Python 3.6 support was removed.
    - Python 3.10 support was added.
    
+/- 1.6.0 "Python 3.7, Python 3.11"
    - Python 3.7 support was removed.
    - Python 3.11 support was added.
    
--- 2.0.0 "django-rq and django-cacheops"
    - `django-rq` support was removed.
    - `django-cacheops` usage was removed and replaced with Django's native caching features.

--- 2.1.0 "PostgreSQL <12.0"
    Support for versions of PostgreSQL older than 12.0 was removed.

## Notices

> Nautobot was initially developed as a fork of NetBox (v2.10.4), which was originally created by Jeremy Stretch at DigitalOcean and by the NetBox open source community.
```

Nautobot is built on the [Django](https://djangoproject.com/) Python Web framework and requires either a [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) or [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com) database backend. It runs as a WSGI service behind your choice of HTTP server.

## Components

> <!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 MD003 MD022-->

Author: Sounds good -> AI assist.
